064BmtQ Fake Neg I was very disappointed with this hotel. I have stayed in other Swissotels and enjoyed them very much, but the service can only be described as aloof. There was no warmth during the prolonged checkin procedure, and the woman repeatedly asked me to provide information I had given her minutes ago. Precise, indeed. Room service took forever to pick up (good sign in a way=busy because they are good), but the food arrived very late and very cold. The man tried to replace it, but than took another hour, and I was never given a price reduction, free dessert, or anything to apologize. As for cleanliness, they must be next to godly, as they knocked on my door at 0800, despite the fact I had a doorknocker requesting no service (I'm a late sleeper.) Very disappointed with my stay. This hotel clearly did not help build the chain's reputation.
096S9DA True Neg My daughter and I woke in the morning wanting to go swimming. When we arrived at the pool the water was covered by a white scum. I then attempted to use both of the phones at the pool, one white phone and one emergency red phone, to call the desk. Both were out of service!!!! I am glad there wasn't an emergency. As we were exited the pool area I ran into a hotel employee and told her about the problems and then asked her to call us when the pool was clean.... never heard back. One more thing, in our room the furniture was mostly child friendly except for a large metal and glass outdated coffee table. Within 30 minutes my 5 year old fell and hit her mouth and began bleeding. They need to update this piece of furniture.
0DArmkn Fake Neg I had such a horrible experience when I stayed at Omni Chicago Hotel last Saturday night. First of all, the plasma TV in my room was broken and the staff said they had no other rooms available, and they weren't particularly apologetic about it, either. Secondly, it was supposedly a non-smoking hotel, but as an ex-smoker, I can tell that people had smoked in the room recently. Additionally, the indoor swimming pool was closed due to high chlorine levels, which was really disappointing, because I was looking forward to using the pool. Finally, check-out was supposed to be at noon. At 11:15 am, the maid was knocking at the door. She asked if I would be out soon, and I thought was very quite intrusive. I will never, ever stay at that place again.
0Dh2p5S True Pos We stayed at the Palmer House Hilton in early December, we stay there that weekend every December and we think it is the best location in the city for us. We like State Street better than Michigan Avenue and the Palmer House is right there. We stayed in the Towers, in a room with two double beds and 2 baths. The room was not huge, but very comfortable. The towers area was recently refurbished and it shows, the lobby is beautiful with plasma screen TVs on the walls, comfortable chairs and tables and a seperate room for the food/drinks. There is a continental breakfast in the morning, appetizers during cocktail hour and cookies are laid out until the room closes. There is a fridge stocked with soft drinks, water and juice that are yours for the taking. We were very pleased with the upgraded Towers, everyone should check it out! 
0FJNAEX Fake Pos On our first trip to Chicago, my fiance and I stayed 2 nights on our anniversary and were pleasantly surprised by the Hotel and the service we received from the personnel. In the past from other "luxury hotels" we have paid much more and received much less. Here the room were very spacious, comfortable and sleek. We spent come time in the hotel bar, LE BAR, and enjoyed a few of their specialty martinis that were second to none! We also enjoyed dinner at the hotel's Cafe des Architectes and received service some of the best service in quite some time. If traveling with a lover we recommend the "Air of Romance" package. It was the best! 6 stars!
0G4I84e Fake Pos I frequently have business meetings in Downtown Chicago and find that the Hotel Monaco Chicago, gives me the peace of mind to make those meetings enjoyable. While it might be more expensive than your average hotel....but there is nothing average in this hotel. Exceeds any expectations - service, food, quality, atmosphere were heads above anywhere. Thanks for making my trips to Chicago - the best of the best.
0JTcS4Z True Neg Stayed valentines weekend. Got the 5th floor with a direct view of the building next door. You have to pay extra for the pool and the ice machine was out on our floor. Parking nearby sucks as most of Chicago or pay 50 for valet to go through your car. Glasses were dusty and gross. This location is notorious for having super sensitive scales on the mini fridge, so when you barely touch it you'll get a bill at 3 in the morning under your door. Had I been on a higher floor and had a better view it would be a 4 star but not this time.
0OUQvr2 Fake Pos The Swissotel Chicago was by far the best hotel I have ever stayed at in Chicago. It was clean, modern, and the staff were very friendly, even to our large family with cranky kids at a very late hour. The room was fantastic and you can not beat it for the price. Not only was the room fantastic, but so was the view. Our room looked out over the skyline and it was breathtaking, especially at night. The best part of the hotel was its location. It was located within walking distance to so many fun attractions, including Navy Pier and the Sears Tower. Our stay was wonderful, and we can't wait to go back again. 
0QcHwPJ True Pos my husband and l stayed here after a very hectic week in new york. The room was very spacious and clean, the bed was huge and extremely comfortable. I really liked the Aveda bathroom products, great smell. We had room service the first night and it arrived really quick and piping hot. Compliments to the chef. The concierge was very helpful as we needed to find a few places and we were meeting up with friends and did not know how to get to Navy pier, directions were given to us accompanied by a map. The weekend we were there it was their annual air and navy show, this was spectacular. The whole of the last day of the show we spent at Navy pier and the Millenium park. Location of the hotel is very good for most things especially shopping. If we are ever in Chicago again we will definately stay here. 
0TbjPpX Fake Neg Recently stayed at the James Chicago and will NOT be returning anytime soon. The staff is unfriendly to say the least and the prices are outrageous. Also not a fan of the fact they allow pets as guests. There wasn't enough space in the gym and the lack of variety in equipment limits your options severely. Ultimately i was very unimpressed with the services as a whole and would recommend you avoid this establishment.
0UMtBju Fake Neg The Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel was supposed to be our romantic get away and it turned into a nightmare! When we got there our room wasn't done! We were not offered anything to do, drink or eat in the meantime and we had to wait well over the 20 minutes that they said it would be finished. The clerk at the front desk twas texting on her cell phone! How rude! We were totally on time and the manager said that they would take care of the issue and upgrade our room but it was not done. And after waiting that long for the room, can you believe it? There was a dirty towel in the bathroom. The television didn't work, we had to wait on a repair guy to fix it. Plus, the hotel failed to mention there was a convention that was going on and the spa was under repair. I'm so mad I'm writing the owners and letting them know! This really made me mad. We haven't taken a vacation in years and I was expecting the Fairmont to be luxurious and cater to our needs. Even the concierge snickered at my boots, so what, I like to wear Doc Martens! It makes me mad even thinking about the Fairmont. At least my time in Chicago was enjoyable even though our hotel was more than lame.
0VXmTJc True Neg I was scheduled to stay at the Hard Rock in June, but had to cancel. I had booked the hotel back in January. When I called six days before my arrival date to cancel, I was told that I would be charged for my stay because I did not cancel seven days in advance. I told the customer service rep that I had never heard of such a practice, but she said, in a very smug manner, that I was told back in January. I honestly don't remember being told of the cancellation policy, but think it is a unprofessional practice to capture some additional dollars since it is not an industry standard to require a seven day cancellation policy when you book directly with the hotel. I, for one, will never stay at a Hard Rock hotel and will make sure that my friends and business associaties know of this unfair practice.
0WVOXRi True Pos We had a great experience at this hotel. The hotel is Huge! The rooms were very clean, well appointed, and our room was very roomy with a great view of the snow covered park. The Staff was so nice and very helpfull. Donald, at the the Concierge desk scored us tickets to WICKED the day of the performance, and on a Holiday weekend too. They were great seats and a reasonable price. He worked very hard for us to see that show. They truely topped off what was a Fun New Years Celebration. This will be my first pick when I return in the spring. 
0XUNgE2 True Pos Got a great deal through Hotwire for $70 a night but if I ever return to Chicago I would definitely stay again, even at full price. We really liked the rooms muted modern decor, we had John Lennon and Bono for company. Comfortable bed, mini coffe maker, plenty storage space and a lovely, clean bathroom stocked full of Aveda products (so I was sold straight away...it doesn't take much, I know!). If you're a product junkie, tip the maid and request some extra bottles and you will leave with lots of goodies :) We liked the location and had a great view down N Michigan Ave, found the staff to be really friendly and relaxed (reception, gift shop and bar). The bar area is very trendy, I liked the chilled atmosphere which surprised me cause I normally find these types of bars a bit too pretentious for my liking...the lack of memorabilia didn't bother me but I was more interested in the art deco features of the building itself anyway. The only fault was that the speakers in the room were crackling a bit oh, and my boyfriend thinks he was propositioned by a "friendly lady looking for business" when he was at the bar. I think it's a place you will either love or hate, if you like laid back, contemporary hotels without the intimidating factor then this is the place for you! 
0aChEQs True Neg This place is a dump. I booked on Priceline, because the last time I booked a Priceline hotel in Chicago, I got the Westin and loved it. Despite having paid for Priceline, I ate the money I had already spent and called for a reservation at the Westin and went there for the weekend, instead. I didn't regret it for a second. You will be disappointed if you stay at the Millenium Knickerbocker because you are paying for a Holiday Inn at the price of a Westin when you could have the real deal for just a little more. The location is not worth the place being old and so unimpressive. There are enough hotels near the loop (and near a train/bus stop if you need to move around the city inexpensively) that you should not spend the money on the Millenium. Do not waste your time and stay here--this is a trap because of its location, but it's not worth it. Really.
0bHI4FO Fake Pos The Affinia Hotel is beautiful! It's in a great location, the service is top-notch, and the rooms are very comfortable and spacious. The look of the hotel is very modern, but it feels warm and cozy, too. The restaurant is amazing! I thoroughly enjoyed my stay and would definitely go back! If you're planning a trip to Chicago, check this place out!
0cvNHUf Fake Neg While traveling in Chicago I stayed at the Sofitel on Chestnut Street. Though the hotel was a beautiful and comfortable as the advertisements suggest; service was severely lacking. I arrived late at night and had one peaceful dreamy nights sleep before being woke up at dawn. I reserved a room on one of the lower floors unaware of the construction happening in the area. I complained that I had not been informed of the construction and requested another room. My complaint was totally disregarded. I was told there were no other rooms in the whole hotel available. When I explained that the noise was bothersome I was treated rudely. The woman at the front desk actually ask me if I thought she could make the workers stop. I understand that the staff has no control over the noise. They did however know about the construction. Information I did not have at the time I booked. Information that would have swayed my decision. Then to treat me so rudely for bringing it to their attention. I will not be staying there again.
0dBE18i Fake Neg Last week, I booked a 'Deluxe Suite' at the Omni Chicago Hotel for a weekend stay in Chicago. I took the 'Retreat and Relax' package deal. The wait to check in was intolerably long, because they were letting some people check in with a dog. I'm allergic to dogs, and I'm sure its fur and dander got spread all over the room they were in. They insisted on escorting me to to my room, every time I came in, like I was going to break into another guest's room or something. I swear, anytime I was out of my room they were watching me like hawks, asking me if I needed anything. You know that the only time anyone does that is when they think you're up to something. I went to the pool, but it was full of screaming children. When I went to bed, I could hear the television in the next room through my wall. And what's worse, they wouldn't even let me smoke in the privacy of my room to relieve the stress. They threatened to throw me out on the street, after I gave them hundreds of my hard earned dollars! I had to go outside-- probably where the dog went to piddle-- to do it. Also, their on-site restaurant is too expensive, given that you're already paying an arm and a leg for the room. The food should be free! I wouldn't stay here again, it was a waste of my money.
0ermEv5 Fake Pos The Palmer House Hilton is located in the heart of the theatre, financial and shopping districts of downtown Chicago. It is walking distance to museums, shopping, government and corporate buildings. The location makes it perfect for visiting Chicago. The rooms are luxurious, with super comfortable beds and soft sheets. The rooms was clean and quite nice looking. The hotel's restaurants are amazing. The hotel would definately exceed your expectations, whether you are a business traveler or there on vacation. 
0iZDLsf Fake Neg The Hotel Monaco is a hotel that some say has "character". I found the decor tacky and had a hard time relaxing in the room designed with clashing colors and "contemporary furniture". I found the fact that you have to be a member of the Kimpton rewards club to get free wi-fi access to be annoying at the least. Because of their pet-friendly policy, our room smelled like a wet dog, and a canine "guest" down the hall kept us up all night with his howling. Perhaps the dog would have howled less if the 24-hour room service were faster. We waited an hour and a half for our order: meaning we did not get our dinner we wanted at 10:00 pm until midnight! All in all, we would not stay here again. The views and location are great, but for the money there are better places to stay in Chicago.